Bab 8: Eternal Separation Manusia dan Immortals

Above langit luas, sebuah fenomena aneh terbentuk.

Pedang raksasa, yang ditempa melalui ribuan percobaan, telah ditinggalkan dalam bayang-bayang selama ribuan tahun, dilupakan oleh semua orang.

As the years passed, its blade was no longer bright, its edge was no longer sharp, and it was covered in rust.However, a wave of anger and unwillingness suddenly arose!Even as the corrosion of rust became more and more severe, the divinity and majesty of that huge sword likewise increased with each passing day!"Foundation Establishment cultivator Dao Xuanzi cultivated the Dao for two hundred and one years, achieving the Foundation Establishment through the extraordinary artifact [Rust Sword Dao Xuan]. In the Land of Immortal Extinction, he fought to the death with others and eventually fell at the hands of Foundation Establishment Cultivator Kou Hong.""Now, in death, his Dao returns to the heavens!"The brilliant scene illuminated the sky for thousands of miles like fireworks."Dao Xuanzi..." Kou Hong watched the magnificent scene and seemed completely stunned, unable to stop murmuring to himself.All the soldiers present also looked up at the sky and froze."I am Li Fan, and I greet the Immortal Master."Right at this moment, an old man with white hair and a walking stick walked tremblingly to Kou Hong's side.Kou Hong paid him no mind, but Li Fan was not in a hurry, patiently waiting while signaling the soldiers to stand by.Only after a long time, with the heavenly visage dispersing, did Kou Hong turn to look at Li Fan."Are you the leader of the mortals here?" Kou Hong's tone was harsh, and it was obvious that he did not have a good impression of Li Fan. "That voice that rang out everywhere before was you, right?""They were petty tricks, and are not worth the Immortal Master's attention." Li Fan cupped his hands and avoided discussing the matter directly. Instead, he bowed respectfully. "I beseech the Immortal Master to be merciful and save the lives of my clan's thousands of people.""Mercy...," Kou Hong sneered at the request. "In my battle with Dao Xuanzi, we both relied on our own abilities, and our life and death were determined by fate. You, a mere mortal, actually interfered in the battle between us cultivators."He looked at Li Fan, his words dripping with killing intent, "Although Dao Xuanzi and I fought to the death over the Golden Core technique, he was still my brother of more than a hundred years. Now that you have killed him, shouldn't I avenge him by killing you?"Unaffected by Kou Hong's threat, Li Fan just laughed bitterly, "I'm just seeking a ray of hope! As I mentioned before, if Immortal Master loses, my clan will definitely be unable to escape death."When Kou Hong heard this, his face loosened up. He sighed, "What a way to seek a chance of survival. You're right. In this harsh and cruel world, who isn't struggling for that glimmer of hope?"Seeing that Kou Hong's tone had softened, Li Fan hurriedly jumped at the opportunity and said, "Previously, Dao Xuanzi... the Immortal Master had promised me that if..."Before Li Fan could finish his words, Kou Hong frowned and interrupted, "If it's this matter, I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you. Dao Xuanzi probably had no intention of honoring his promise to begin with."Li Fan froze, "What does Immortal Master mean?"Kou Hong laughed mockingly, "For a hundred years, Dao Xuanzi has presented himself as an upright and righteous figure. I can't believe he turned out to be unscrupulous with no bottom line, even deceiving mortals in his actions."He paused, watched Li Fan's expression, and continued, "The Great Formation of Immortal Extinction is so dangerous that the two of us were only able to break in with a healthy amount of luck. It would take a lot of effort for us to leave on our own, so how could we possibly take a mortal away?""What? Even Immortal Master doesn't know how to leave this place?" Li Fan's heart and mind shook drastically, and his face became extremely ugly. With over a hundred years of anticipation and hopes being ruthlessly crushed by the immortal cultivator in front of him, Li Fan's mind almost collapsed.However, Li Fan had gone through several lifetimes of trials and tribulations, and his mind had long been tempered. He quickly recovered and said to Kou Hong, "This is not the place to talk. Immortal Master, please follow me."With that, he led Kou Hong through the ruins of Xuanjing City to an underground bunker.Earlier, when Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi were fighting, the soldiers in the city were hiding in these bunkers. In Xuanjing City, there were hundreds of similar bunkers, both large and small.Although the bunkers were deep underground, they were illuminated with lights and were still as bright as the surface. There were even ventilation ducts connecting to the outside world so that the bunker was not suffocating.Kou Hong surveyed the lights on the ceiling with interest and complimented, "No wonder Dao Xuanzi sought cooperation with you mortals. To be able to restrain and utilize the power of lightning, it seems that over the thousands of years, you mortals of the Immortal Extinction Land have developed greatly. There was also the projectile weapon from before which was quite powerful."Immediately afterward, he shook his head again, "It's a pity, only in this land which lacks the Great Dao are these magic artifacts somewhat useful. Outside of here, under the oppression of the laws of the Great Dao, all of these things would be useless.""Speaking of which, when did Dao Xuanzi find you and ask you to ambush me here? The timing doesn't match up. Could it be he mastered the art of existing in two places at the same time?" Kou Hong suddenly remembered and asked suddenly.Li Fan remained composed and was about to answer before being cut off by Kou Hong, who had immediately lost interest and waved his hand, "Forget it, what's the point of dwelling on this matter? After death, all things are meaningless." Finishing his words, he collapsed onto a chair, his expression gloomy. He seemed to have been deeply affected by Dao Xuanzi's death."It is best not to continue this matter lest I reveal some inconsistencies," Li Fan thought to himself.He then inquired with an anxious expression, "Before, Immortal Master said that he was unable to take mortals out of this Immortal Extinction Land. Is this matter really true?"Kou Hong snorted, "You are just a mortal, so why would I lie to you? Perhaps a Golden Core stage cultivator could protect a mortal while breaking through the Immortal Extinction Formation, but if it's just my Foundation Establishment stage cultivation, it's absolutely impossible!""Of course, if you don't mind ending up as ashes, I am willing to give it a try."Ignoring Kou Hong's less-than-amusing jest, Li Fan asked persistently, "Could it be that there is no hope for mortals like me to leave this world?"Kou Hong pondered for a moment before shaking his head, "If you want to leave the Land of Immortal Extinction, you must break through the Immortal Extinction Formation. A mere mortal body has no chance of breaking through. Any attempts would be akin to seeking death. Moreover, at your age, you already have one foot in the grave. Why are you so obsessed with leaving this place? Wouldn't it be nice to be a local ruler?"Kou Hong had a disdainful look on his face."Even though I wouldn't mind dying, I still wish to leave some hope for my descendants." Li Fan's persistence did not end, and he asked again, "If my descendants can cultivate to the Foundation Establishment realm like Immortal Master, would it be possible to leave this place?"Kou Hong burst into laughter, "Even ignoring the complete lack of spiritual energy in this place, making cultivation impossible, how could a mortal here, completely tainted in miasma, cultivate the Immortal Way?"Kou Hong sneered, "I advise you to give up on such hopes. Immortals and mortals have been eternally separated. Even if you mortals wanted to cultivate, you'd have to reform your bodies and cleanse yourselves of Immortal-Mortal Miasma in the outside world. Otherwise, even if the path of immortality was right in front of you, you wouldn't be able to even touch it."With each question, Kou Hong's denials grew stronger, and Li Fan seemed to finally give up."Immortals and mortals are eternally separated... eternal separation..." Li Fan muttered in a daze, "So, there is really no way?""There really isn't." Watching Li Fan's mood sink so far seemed to amuse Kou Hong."There really isn't." Kou Hong repeated again."As the Immortal Master said, immortals and mortals have been eternally separated." Li Fan let out a long sigh."Indeed." Kou Hong nodded repeatedly.As if he were defeated by this cruel fact, Li Fan excused himself and left, his expression dazed.The moment he walked out of the bunker, the door slammed shut with a bang.Kou Hong's face changed, an uneasy premonition welling up in his heart.However, it was already too late.Rolls of mist containing the Immortal-Mortal Miasma gushed out from every corner of the room."Ahhh!"Kou Hong let out a miserable scream before he was drowned in the dense fog.Outside the bunker, Li Fan's gaze turned deep as he slowly said, "Since immortals and mortals cannot coexist.""Then how could I, a mere mortal, dare to fully believe what you say?"

Namun, gelombang kemarahan dan keengganan tiba-tiba muncul!

Even as the corrosion of rust became more and more severe, the divinity and majesty of that huge sword likewise increased with each passing day!"Foundation Establishment cultivator Dao Xuanzi cultivated the Dao for two hundred and one years, achieving the Foundation Establishment through the extraordinary artifact [Rust Sword Dao Xuan]. In the Land of Immortal Extinction, he fought to the death with others and eventually fell at the hands of Foundation Establishment Cultivator Kou Hong.""Now, in death, his Dao returns to the heavens!"The brilliant scene illuminated the sky for thousands of miles like fireworks."Dao Xuanzi..." Kou Hong watched the magnificent scene and seemed completely stunned, unable to stop murmuring to himself.All the soldiers present also looked up at the sky and froze."I am Li Fan, and I greet the Immortal Master."Right at this moment, an old man with white hair and a walking stick walked tremblingly to Kou Hong's side.Kou Hong paid him no mind, but Li Fan was not in a hurry, patiently waiting while signaling the soldiers to stand by.Only after a long time, with the heavenly visage dispersing, did Kou Hong turn to look at Li Fan."Are you the leader of the mortals here?" Kou Hong's tone was harsh, and it was obvious that he did not have a good impression of Li Fan. "That voice that rang out everywhere before was you, right?""They were petty tricks, and are not worth the Immortal Master's attention." Li Fan cupped his hands and avoided discussing the matter directly. Instead, he bowed respectfully. "I beseech the Immortal Master to be merciful and save the lives of my clan's thousands of people.""Mercy...," Kou Hong sneered at the request. "In my battle with Dao Xuanzi, we both relied on our own abilities, and our life and death were determined by fate. You, a mere mortal, actually interfered in the battle between us cultivators."He looked at Li Fan, his words dripping with killing intent, "Although Dao Xuanzi and I fought to the death over the Golden Core technique, he was still my brother of more than a hundred years. Now that you have killed him, shouldn't I avenge him by killing you?"Unaffected by Kou Hong's threat, Li Fan just laughed bitterly, "I'm just seeking a ray of hope! As I mentioned before, if Immortal Master loses, my clan will definitely be unable to escape death."When Kou Hong heard this, his face loosened up. He sighed, "What a way to seek a chance of survival. You're right. In this harsh and cruel world, who isn't struggling for that glimmer of hope?"Seeing that Kou Hong's tone had softened, Li Fan hurriedly jumped at the opportunity and said, "Previously, Dao Xuanzi... the Immortal Master had promised me that if..."Before Li Fan could finish his words, Kou Hong frowned and interrupted, "If it's this matter, I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you. Dao Xuanzi probably had no intention of honoring his promise to begin with."Li Fan froze, "What does Immortal Master mean?"Kou Hong laughed mockingly, "For a hundred years, Dao Xuanzi has presented himself as an upright and righteous figure. I can't believe he turned out to be unscrupulous with no bottom line, even deceiving mortals in his actions."He paused, watched Li Fan's expression, and continued, "The Great Formation of Immortal Extinction is so dangerous that the two of us were only able to break in with a healthy amount of luck. It would take a lot of effort for us to leave on our own, so how could we possibly take a mortal away?""What? Even Immortal Master doesn't know how to leave this place?" Li Fan's heart and mind shook drastically, and his face became extremely ugly. With over a hundred years of anticipation and hopes being ruthlessly crushed by the immortal cultivator in front of him, Li Fan's mind almost collapsed.However, Li Fan had gone through several lifetimes of trials and tribulations, and his mind had long been tempered. He quickly recovered and said to Kou Hong, "This is not the place to talk. Immortal Master, please follow me."With that, he led Kou Hong through the ruins of Xuanjing City to an underground bunker.Earlier, when Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi were fighting, the soldiers in the city were hiding in these bunkers. In Xuanjing City, there were hundreds of similar bunkers, both large and small.Although the bunkers were deep underground, they were illuminated with lights and were still as bright as the surface. There were even ventilation ducts connecting to the outside world so that the bunker was not suffocating.Kou Hong surveyed the lights on the ceiling with interest and complimented, "No wonder Dao Xuanzi sought cooperation with you mortals. To be able to restrain and utilize the power of lightning, it seems that over the thousands of years, you mortals of the Immortal Extinction Land have developed greatly. There was also the projectile weapon from before which was quite powerful."Immediately afterward, he shook his head again, "It's a pity, only in this land which lacks the Great Dao are these magic artifacts somewhat useful. Outside of here, under the oppression of the laws of the Great Dao, all of these things would be useless.""Speaking of which, when did Dao Xuanzi find you and ask you to ambush me here? The timing doesn't match up. Could it be he mastered the art of existing in two places at the same time?" Kou Hong suddenly remembered and asked suddenly.Li Fan remained composed and was about to answer before being cut off by Kou Hong, who had immediately lost interest and waved his hand, "Forget it, what's the point of dwelling on this matter? After death, all things are meaningless." Finishing his words, he collapsed onto a chair, his expression gloomy. He seemed to have been deeply affected by Dao Xuanzi's death."It is best not to continue this matter lest I reveal some inconsistencies," Li Fan thought to himself.He then inquired with an anxious expression, "Before, Immortal Master said that he was unable to take mortals out of this Immortal Extinction Land. Is this matter really true?"Kou Hong snorted, "You are just a mortal, so why would I lie to you? Perhaps a Golden Core stage cultivator could protect a mortal while breaking through the Immortal Extinction Formation, but if it's just my Foundation Establishment stage cultivation, it's absolutely impossible!""Of course, if you don't mind ending up as ashes, I am willing to give it a try."Ignoring Kou Hong's less-than-amusing jest, Li Fan asked persistently, "Could it be that there is no hope for mortals like me to leave this world?"Kou Hong pondered for a moment before shaking his head, "If you want to leave the Land of Immortal Extinction, you must break through the Immortal Extinction Formation. A mere mortal body has no chance of breaking through. Any attempts would be akin to seeking death. Moreover, at your age, you already have one foot in the grave. Why are you so obsessed with leaving this place? Wouldn't it be nice to be a local ruler?"Kou Hong had a disdainful look on his face."Even though I wouldn't mind dying, I still wish to leave some hope for my descendants." Li Fan's persistence did not end, and he asked again, "If my descendants can cultivate to the Foundation Establishment realm like Immortal Master, would it be possible to leave this place?"Kou Hong burst into laughter, "Even ignoring the complete lack of spiritual energy in this place, making cultivation impossible, how could a mortal here, completely tainted in miasma, cultivate the Immortal Way?"Kou Hong sneered, "I advise you to give up on such hopes. Immortals and mortals have been eternally separated. Even if you mortals wanted to cultivate, you'd have to reform your bodies and cleanse yourselves of Immortal-Mortal Miasma in the outside world. Otherwise, even if the path of immortality was right in front of you, you wouldn't be able to even touch it."With each question, Kou Hong's denials grew stronger, and Li Fan seemed to finally give up."Immortals and mortals are eternally separated... eternal separation..." Li Fan muttered in a daze, "So, there is really no way?""There really isn't." Watching Li Fan's mood sink so far seemed to amuse Kou Hong."There really isn't." Kou Hong repeated again."As the Immortal Master said, immortals and mortals have been eternally separated." Li Fan let out a long sigh."Indeed." Kou Hong nodded repeatedly.As if he were defeated by this cruel fact, Li Fan excused himself and left, his expression dazed.The moment he walked out of the bunker, the door slammed shut with a bang.Kou Hong's face changed, an uneasy premonition welling up in his heart.However, it was already too late.Rolls of mist containing the Immortal-Mortal Miasma gushed out from every corner of the room."Ahhh!"Kou Hong let out a miserable scream before he was drowned in the dense fog.Outside the bunker, Li Fan's gaze turned deep as he slowly said, "Since immortals and mortals cannot coexist.""Then how could I, a mere mortal, dare to fully believe what you say?"

"Kultivator Foundation Establishment Dao Xuanzi mengolah Dao selama dua ratus satu tahun, mencapai Foundation Establishment melalui artefak luar biasa [Rust Sword Dao Xuan]. Di Land of Immortal Extinction, dia bertarung sampai mati dengan orang lain dan akhirnya jatuh di tangan Foundation Establishment Cultivator Kou Hong."

"Sekarang, dalam kematian, Dao-nya kembali ke surga!"

Pemandangan cemerlang menerangi langit sejauh ribuan mil seperti kembang api.

"Dao Xuanzi..." Kou Hong menyaksikan pemandangan yang luar biasa itu dan tampak benar-benar terpana, tidak bisa berhenti bergumam pada dirinya sendiri.

Semua prajurit yang hadir juga melihat ke langit dan membeku.

"Saya Li Fan, dan saya menyapa Immortal Master."

Tepat pada saat ini, seorang lelaki tua dengan rambut putih dan tongkat berjalan dengan gemetar ke sisi Kou Hong.

Kou Hong tidak memedulikannya, tapi Li Fan tidak terburu-buru, dengan sabar menunggu sambil memberi isyarat kepada tentara untuk bersiap.

Hanya setelah waktu yang lama, dengan wajah surgawi yang menghilang, Kou Hong menoleh untuk melihat Li Fan.

“Apakah kamu pemimpin manusia di sini?” Nada suara Kou Hong kasar, dan terlihat jelas bahwa dia tidak memiliki kesan yang baik terhadap Li Fan. “Suara yang terdengar dimana-mana sebelumnya adalah kamu, kan?”

"Itu hanya tipuan kecil, dan tidak layak untuk diperhatikan oleh Immortal Master." Li Fan menangkupkan tangannya dan menghindari pembahasan masalah tersebut secara langsung. Sebaliknya, dia membungkuk hormat. "Saya mohon Immortal Master untuk berbelas kasihan dan menyelamatkan nyawa ribuan orang di klan saya."

"Astaga...," Kou Hong mencibir permintaan itu. “Dalam pertarunganku dengan Dao Xuanzi, kami berdua mengandalkan kemampuan kami sendiri, dan hidup dan mati kami ditentukan oleh takdir. Anda, seorang manusia biasa, sebenarnya ikut campur dalam pertarungan di antara kami para kultivator.”

Dia melihat ke arah Li Fan, kata-katanya dipenuhi dengan niat membunuh, "Meskipun Dao Xuanzi dan aku bertarung sampai mati demi teknik Golden Core, dia tetaplah saudaraku selama lebih dari seratus tahun. Sekarang setelah kamu membunuhnya, bukankah aku harus membalaskan dendamnya dengan membunuhmu?"

Tidak terpengaruh oleh ancaman Kou Hong, Li Fan hanya tertawa getir, "Aku hanya mencari secercah harapan! Seperti yang aku sebutkan sebelumnya, jika Immortal Master kalah, klanku pasti tidak akan bisa lolos dari kematian."

Ketika Kou Hong mendengar ini, wajahnya menjadi rileks. Dia menghela nafas, "Cara yang luar biasa untuk mencari peluang bertahan hidup. Kamu benar. Di dunia yang keras dan kejam ini, siapa yang tidak berjuang demi secercah harapan?"

Melihat nada suara Kou Hong yang melunak, Li Fan buru-buru memanfaatkan kesempatan itu dan berkata, "Sebelumnya, Dao Xuanzi... Immortal Master telah berjanji padaku bahwa jika..."

Sebelum Li Fan menyelesaikan kata-katanya, Kou Hong mengerutkan kening dan menyela, "Jika ini masalahnya, aku khawatir aku harus mengecewakanmu. Dao Xuanzi mungkin tidak berniat menepati janjinya sejak awal."

Li Fan membeku, "Apa maksudnya Immortal Master?"

Kou Hong tertawa mengejek, "Selama seratus tahun, Dao Xuanzi telah menampilkan dirinya sebagai sosok yang lurus dan saleh. Saya tidak percaya dia ternyata tidak bermoral tanpa batas, bahkan menipu manusia dalam tindakannya."

Dia berhenti sejenak, mengamati ekspresi Li Fan, dan melanjutkan, "The Great Formation dari Immortal Extinction sangat berbahaya sehingga kami berdua hanya bisa menerobos masuk dengan cukup keberuntungan. Butuh banyak usaha bagi kami untuk pergi sendiri, jadi bagaimana mungkin kami bisa membawa makhluk fana pergi?"

"Apa? Bahkan Immortal Master tidak tahu bagaimana cara meninggalkan tempat ini?" Hati dan pikiran Li Fan bergetar drastis, dan wajahnya menjadi sangat jelek. Dengan lebih dari seratus tahun antisipasi dan harapan dihancurkan dengan kejam oleh kultivator abadi di depannya, pikiran Li Fan hampir runtuh.

Namun, Li Fan telah melalui beberapa cobaan dan kesengsaraan seumur hidup, dan pikirannya telah lama berubah arah. Dia segera pulih dan berkata kepada Kou Hong, "Ini bukan tempat untuk berbicara. Immortal Master, silakan ikuti saya."

Dengan itu, dia memimpin Kou Hong melewati reruntuhan Xuanjing City menuju bunker bawah tanah.

Sebelumnya, ketika Kou Hong dan Dao Xuanzi bertempur, para prajurit di kota bersembunyi di bunker tersebut. In Xuanjing City, terdapat ratusan bunker serupa, baik besar maupun kecil.

Meskipun bunker berada jauh di bawah tanah, bunker tersebut diterangi dengan lampu dan masih seterang permukaan. Bahkan terdapat saluran ventilasi yang menghubungkan dengan dunia luar agar bunker tidak tercekik.

Kou Hong mengamati lampu di langit-langit dengan penuh minat dan memuji, "Tidak heran Dao Xuanzi mencari kerja sama dengan kalian manusia. Untuk dapat menahan dan memanfaatkan kekuatan petir, tampaknya selama ribuan tahun, kalian manusia di Tanah Immortal Extinction telah berkembang pesat. Ada juga senjata proyektil dari sebelumnya yang cukup kuat."

Segera setelah itu, dia menggelengkan kepalanya lagi, "Sayang sekali, hanya di negeri yang tidak memiliki Great Dao inilah artefak sihir ini agak berguna. Di luar sini, di bawah tekanan hukum Great Dao, semua hal ini tidak akan ada gunanya."

"Omong-omong, kapan Dao Xuanzi menemukanmu dan memintamu untuk menyergapku di sini? Waktunya tidak tepat. Mungkinkah dia menguasai seni berada di dua tempat pada waktu yang sama?" Kou Hong tiba-tiba teringat dan bertanya tiba-tiba.

Li Fan tetap tenang dan hendak menjawab sebelum dipotong oleh Kou Hong yang langsung kehilangan minat dan melambaikan tangannya, "Lupakan saja, apa gunanya memikirkan masalah ini? Setelah kematian, semua hal menjadi tidak ada artinya." Menyelesaikan kata-katanya, dia terjatuh ke kursi, ekspresinya suram. Dia sepertinya sangat terpengaruh dengan kematian Dao Xuanzi.

“Yang terbaik adalah tidak melanjutkan masalah ini agar saya tidak mengungkapkan beberapa ketidakkonsistenan,” pikir Li Fan dalam hati.

Dia kemudian bertanya dengan ekspresi cemas, "Sebelumnya, Immortal Master mengatakan bahwa dia tidak dapat membawa manusia keluar dari Tanah Immortal Extinction ini. Apakah masalah ini benar?"

Kou Hong mendengus, "Kamu hanyalah manusia biasa, jadi mengapa aku harus berbohong kepadamu? Mungkin seorang penggarap tahap Golden Core dapat melindungi manusia saat menerobos Immortal Extinction Formation, tetapi jika itu hanya tahap Foundation Establishment saya, cultivation, itu benar-benar mustahil!"

“Tentu saja, jika kamu tidak keberatan menjadi abu, aku bersedia mencobanya.”

Ignoring Kou Lelucon Hong yang kurang lucu, Li Fan bertanya terus-menerus, "Mungkinkah tidak ada harapan bagi manusia seperti saya untuk meninggalkan dunia ini?"

Kou Hong merenung sejenak sebelum menggelengkan kepalanya, "Jika kamu ingin meninggalkan Land of Immortal Extinction, kamu harus menerobos Immortal Extinction Formation. Tubuh fana belaka tidak memiliki peluang untuk menerobos. Segala upaya sama saja dengan mencari kematian. Terlebih lagi, di usiamu, satu kakimu sudah berada di dalam kubur. Mengapa kamu begitu terobsesi untuk meninggalkan tempat ini? Bukankah menyenangkan menjadi seorang penguasa lokal?"

Kou Hong memiliki ekspresi menghina di wajahnya.

“Meskipun aku tidak keberatan mati, aku tetap ingin meninggalkan harapan untuk keturunanku.” Kegigihan Li Fan tidak berhenti, dan dia bertanya lagi, "Jika keturunan saya dapat berkultivasi ke alam Foundation Establishment seperti Immortal Master, apakah mungkin untuk meninggalkan tempat ini?"

Kou Hong tertawa terbahak-bahak, "Bahkan mengabaikan kurangnya energi spiritual di tempat ini, membuat cultivation menjadi mustahil, bagaimana mungkin seorang manusia di sini, yang sepenuhnya tercemar racun, mengembangkan Immortal Way?"

Kou Hong mencibir, "Saya menyarankan Anda untuk menyerah pada harapan seperti itu. Makhluk abadi dan manusia telah dipisahkan selamanya. Bahkan jika Anda manusia ingin berkultivasi, Anda harus mereformasi tubuh Anda dan membersihkan diri Anda dari Immortal-Mortal Miasma di dunia luar. Jika tidak, bahkan jika jalan keabadian ada tepat di depan Anda, Anda bahkan tidak akan bisa menyentuhnya."

Dengan setiap pertanyaan, penolakan Kou Hong semakin kuat, dan Li Fan sepertinya akhirnya menyerah.

"Yang abadi dan yang fana dipisahkan selamanya... pemisahan abadi..." Li Fan bergumam dengan linglung, "Jadi, benar-benar tidak mungkin?"

“Sebenarnya tidak ada.” Watching Li Suasana hati penggemar yang tenggelam sejauh ini sepertinya menghibur Kou Hong.

“Sebenarnya tidak ada.” Kou Hong diulang lagi.

"Seperti yang dikatakan Immortal Master, yang abadi dan yang fana telah terpisah selamanya." Li Fan menghela nafas panjang.

"Memang." Kou Hong mengangguk berulang kali.

Seolah-olah dia dikalahkan oleh fakta kejam ini, Li Fan minta diri dan pergi, ekspresinya bingung.

Saat dia keluar dari bunker, pintu dibanting hingga tertutup dengan keras.

Wajah Kou Hong berubah, firasat tidak enak muncul di hatinya.

Namun, semuanya sudah terlambat.

Gulungan kabut berisi Immortal-Mortal Miasma menyembur keluar dari setiap sudut ruangan.

"Ahhh!"

Kou Hong mengeluarkan jeritan menyedihkan sebelum dia tenggelam dalam kabut tebal.

Di luar bunker, tatapan Li Fan berubah menjadi dalam saat dia perlahan berkata, "Karena makhluk abadi dan manusia tidak bisa hidup berdampingan."

“Lalu bagaimana mungkin aku, seorang manusia biasa, berani mempercayai sepenuhnya apa yang kamu katakan?”