Chapter 316: Golden Core Fallen Immortal Realm

Affinity to the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation's formation core, along with the comprehension of the formation structure and Soul Contract detection, were the three major assessment criteria.

Its significance even outweighed the first two.

When Li Fan personally laid down the core area of the formation and attempted to guide the formation core into it, he never received a response.

He finally understood why affinity was so crucial.

At this moment, the Tianxuan Formation core was like a proud goddess, indifferent to Li Fan's efforts.

No matter how much effort Li Fan exerted, he couldn't move her in the slightest.

Yet the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation couldn't function effectively without her.

Without the formation core, no matter how vast the formation was, it would be nothing but an empty shell.

The central formation could be said to be specially designed for her. Its sole purpose was to perfectly integrate the formation core into the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation.

Now that the palace had been built, the main character refused to move in, leaving Li Fan in a dilemma.

The uniqueness of the formation core made it impossible for Li Fan to forcibly implement it.

After trying many methods, Li Fan still couldn't get the formation core to enter the formation.

Helpless, Li Fan had to try another way.

Since the goddess stayed still and refused to enter the palace, Li Fan decided to build another palace around where she stayed.

He dismantled and rebuilt the already formed central core formation.

With the formation core as the central point, Li Fan spent another two days constructing a new formation structure around her.

"In this way, although it can't achieve perfect integration, it can barely result in a formation."

"There's no hope of a reward in this life, I just hope the results won't be too bad."

After finishing the layout, Li Fan sighed inwardly.

It seemed that Li Fan's persistence slightly moved the formation core.

After moving into the core formation area, looking at this brand-new residence, it gently shifted its body.

Just this tiny movement doubled the compatibility between the formation core and the formation.

Li Fan was overjoyed and immediately attempted to communicate with the formation core again.

However, the previous initiative seemed to be her limit. Subsequently, no matter what Li Fan did, there was no change.

Soon, the seven-day period had ended.

Looking at the formation, which could only be considered barely qualified, Li Fan shook his head inwardly and left the assessment space.

"The construction of the formation should be able to get a passing score. As for the debugging and calibration of the formation core, it's equivalent to leaving the exam paper blank. But this is the limit of what can be done in this life."

"If the formation core is not giving face, there's really nothing I can do."

"It is said that among the students who participated in the previous rounds of exams, there was even one who could get the formation core to take the initiative to throw herself at him?"

"I don't know if it's true or not."

...

After the exam, it would take another two to three months for the results to come out.

Li Fan temporarily left the Huan Yu Courtyard and didn't stroll around Tianyu City. Instead, he returned to the small courtyard he had arranged for earlier at the Discussion Tower.

He had left hastily after receiving Ji Hongdao's summons, so he hadn't used this small courtyard.

However, Li Fan had paid a hefty deposit, so even if he was absent, it was still reserved for him.

Entering the small courtyard, he went to the secluded cultivation room, which was said to be highly confidential and capable of isolating the exploration of Dao Integration cultivators' divine senses.

Li Fan took out four items representing clothing, food, housing, and transportation.

He placed them in the four cardinal directions, silently chanting in his mouth.

"Blessings bestowed by the Heavenly Sovereign of Xuanhuang!"

At the first moment, he planned to launch the ceremony and enter the Fallen Immortal Realm.

The restrictions that prevented him from entering during the closed training period had long disappeared. However, at that time, he was only at the Foundation Establishment stage, so Li Fan chose to endure briefly to avoid exposing his secrets.

Now that he was in the Golden Core realm, he could openly enter and exit the Fallen Immortal Realm without arousing suspicion from others.

But out of fear of Ji Hongdao and others from the Formation Hall who created the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation, Li Fan chose to perform the ceremony in this relatively private Discussion Tower.

"Senior Zhang, with your wisdom and martial prowess, you don't need to come this time." Li Fan silently thought, then started the ceremony.

The process of entering this time seemed longer than before.

It was pitch dark, and he wandered around an unknown and nameless space.

Li Fan wanted to see the surroundings clearly but felt drowsy and unable to concentrate.

So he had to rely on his senses to discern the surroundings.

It felt like he was in water, but it was not as cold as water.

The liquid surrounding him made him warm and comfortable.

Whenever feelings of hunger and weakness arose, a gentle and calming energy seemed to come from nowhere, soothing him and putting him into a deep sleep.

His body seemed weaker than Tian Yang's body.

Most of the time, he was in slumber.

Fortunately, after reaching the Golden Core realm, the strength of Li Fan's spiritual consciousness soared.

The time he could stay in the Fallen Immortal Realm increased from the previous half a month to over two months, almost the same as an ordinary Nascent Soul cultivator.

So he didn't end this trip to the Fallen Immortal Realm in a sad sleep.

In this way, Li Fan continued to absorb the warm liquid and occasional calming energy around him.

He felt himself getting stronger continuously.

After an unknown period of time, when there was no liquid left to absorb, an inexplicable feeling surged through his heart.

It was time.

Li Fan suddenly realized.

Driven by instinct, Li Fan began to tap the darkness in front of him with his sharp beak incessantly.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

They were slight pecks, but to Li Fan at this moment, they sounded like earth-shattering thunder.

After trying for a long time, Li Fan felt a little tired.

But there was only a barely visible crack in the darkness.

He felt discouraged.

Just then, that gentle energy reappeared, strengthening Li Fan's body again.

It instantly made fatigue and weakness disappear.

Revived, Li Fan continued his "earth-shattering" endeavor.

When he was tired, he rested a while, and there was immediately a trace of calming energy transmitted to him.

This process continued repeatedly, and more and more cracks appeared in front of him.

But Li Fan could also perceive that the energy that had been supporting him seemed to be weakening.

Fortunately, before the gentle energy was exhausted, Li Fan finally chiseled out a small hole in the endless darkness.

A ray of sunlight pierced through it, dispelling the darkness and shining on Li Fan.

With one breath, Li Fan used his long beak to continue striking.

The small hole gradually expanded and eventually formed a hole large enough for Li Fan to crawl out.

Li Fan shook his head and squeezed into the exit.

Sunlight, gentle breeze, insect chirping, bird singing, fragrance of flowers and grass...

In an instant, a beautiful and vast world appeared before Li Fan.

But he had no time to admire the breathtaking scenery.

Because he felt incredibly hungry.

Looking back at the broken egg he had crawled out of, a sense of clarity surged through his heart.

Without hesitation, Li Fan began to gulp it down.
