Bab 25: Wealth Moves Perubahan Heart

Term: Heavenly Treasure Rumah > Heavenly Treasure Pavilion

*****Dragging the fat man's corpse into the Tai Yan Boat and cleaning up the bloodstains on the ground, Li Fan then casually returned to his room, acting like nothing had happened."Truly ignorant," Li Fan commented.The fat man clearly hadn't figured out the situation. Relying on a bit of cleverness, he thought he could threaten Li Fan, maybe trying to obtain some benefits from him.But did he ever question whether Li Fan had actually infiltrated Liuli Island? This group of exiles, weren't they the same, obtaining their status by posing as disaster victims?Once they acquired the household registration of Liuli Island, they truly considered themselves native inhabitants.Li Fan saw this clearly. Previously, the immortal who concealed his face and came to pick them up, as well as the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion where Sun Zhang was, were very cautious in their actions, afraid of being discovered.Obviously, their identities as mortals from the Land of Immortal Extinction were not something they wanted others to know about.Because of this, this fat man, who had no understanding of the situation, came to threaten Li Fan, and Li Fan killed him without hesitation.He didn't believe that the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion and the group of exiles would make a big fuss about this.Furthermore, even if they investigated that the fat man had visited Li Fan before disappearing, now that they couldn't find the body, as long as Li Fan insisted he hadn't seen him, they couldn't do anything to him.After all, if the matter escalated, it would not benefit either party.And if Li Fan hesitated and didn't take action, leaving the fat man alive, it might actually lead to various troubles.So, Li Fan decisively chose to nip any potential threats in the bud....As Li Fan predicted, a few days passed, and besides Su Changyu asking about it once, the mysterious disappearance of the fat man didn't attract any attention from anyone else.This incident was just a small episode in Li Fan's island life, quickly pushed to the back of his mind.During these days, Li Fan inquired about various affairs on the island while planning how to use the treasures in the Tai Yan Boat in a reasonable manner.Gradually, Li Fan gained a general understanding of the Liuli Island he was currently on.This sea area was called the Cong Yun Sea.The Cong Yun Sea was vast and scattered with tens of thousands of islands of various sizes.Liuli Island was located in the central-southern part of the Cong Yun Sea and was of medium size.The island was named after the delicious and tender Liu Li Fish [1] abundant in the surrounding waters.The Liu Li Fish was not only popular among the common folk of the surrounding islands but was also occasionally used by some immortals to refine elixirs due to the Liu Li Pearl that would occasionally form in the fish's body.Hence, the island needed an immortal to oversee it, and a certain amount of Liu Li Pearls had to be collected annually.Immortals generally did not intervene in worldly matters, making it difficult for ordinary people to see them. The day-to-day affairs of Liuli Island were usually managed by the Liuli Mansion established by the island master.Island residents could obtain a job within the Liuli Mansion. The higher the risk of the job, the higher the reward.Among these jobs, fishing for Liu Li Fish was the most popular.Apart from being relatively safe, the rewards were considerable.Moreover, when the harvested Liu Li Fish were handed over, only 70% of them needed to be turned in, while the remaining 30% could be sold privately.So, this fishing job was quite appealing.However, fishing required a large ship, and the schools of Liu Li Fish were elusive. Specific spirit guides from the island were needed to locate them.These spirit guides were only issued by the Liuli Mansion during fishing expeditions and had to be returned after returning to the island.Private fishing was impossible. If caught, the penalty was direct execution.Therefore, this fishing for Liu Li Fish was only allowed under the permission of the Liuli Mansion.Those who could go fishing were highly regarded by the island's residents.A few days ago, a fleet that had gone fishing not only had a great catch of Liu Li Fish but also encountered a sunken ship.This ship was said to have escaped with the family to avoid a disaster, so it carried more than a dozen boxes of gold, silver, and jewels!At this moment, the fleet had made a fortune.Regarding the salvaged items from the sunken ship, the island's rules were the same as for Liu Li Fish - they could keep 30% for themselves!So, when the fleet returned to the port, half the island was buzzing with excitement.Even the island's treasurer and money manager personally came to inspect.Seeing the fleet members almost grinning from ear to ear, many people on the island were envious.They began to privately seek connections, wanting to obtain the qualification for the next fishing trip....In Li Fan's view, he could slowly launder the countless treasures on the Tai Yan Boat using a similar method, with relatively low risk.The only difficulty lay in how to obtain the qualification for a solo fishing trip.The existence of the Tai Yan Boat must never be exposed.Too many people on the island wanted to join the fishing fleet. After inquiring casually, Li Fan learned the key information.Among the three trusted subordinates of the island master, Zhao, in charge of personnel matters, Qian, in charge of financial matters, and Zhou, in charge of public security, most of the fishing fleet quotas were in Qian's hands.Zhao and Zhou had always wanted to intervene, but the quotas were firmly controlled by Qian, and they only controlled one or two fishing fleets.Where there were people, there was conflict.Li Fan remembered Zhao's reaction when he saw him on the day of registration. He thought maybe he could meet this Zhao.However, Zhao wasn't someone Li Fan could easily meet now.Li Fan decided to follow Sun Zhang's approach with the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.After inquiring about the location, Li Fan arrived at the door of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, wanting to meet Sun Zhang.However, he was turned away."Go away, our Senior Sun has a distinguished status. Do you think you can just see him whenever you want? Hurry off!" Several big, intimidating men at the door looked at Li Fan malevolently, as if they were ready to act.Seeing this, Li Fan had no choice but to leave for now.He found it somewhat strange. The Heavenly Treasure Pavilion was a place of business after all. How could they just turn people away without seeing them?Moreover, these big men made decisions without seeking approval, as if they already knew who Li Fan was."It must be that they received orders and intentionally avoided me," Li Fan concluded. He guessed that something had happened on the exile's side that made Sun Zhang turn hostile and not recognize them.After some inquiries, Li Fan finally learned what had transpired.It turned out that Su Changyu, in order to quickly get rid of the miasma in his body, chose to become an experimental subject for the immortals.Before leaving, Su Changyu signed his name on the final contract.Now, the three contracts were completed, and the final contract had completely dissipated.There was no longer any connection between the exile group and the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion."No wonder they suddenly turned hostile and deliberately avoided us. I just didn't expect Su Changyu to be so determined," Li Fan sighed."Ah, we tried to advise him, telling him not to be in such a hurry. But he wouldn't listen!" the person who spoke was also familiar to Li Fan - it was Xiao Heng, who had claimed to be the son of the Southern King in the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion cave.Xiao Heng seemed to have a very good relationship with Su Changyu and was extremely dejected at the moment. "If it weren't for his terminally ill sister, Brother Su wouldn't have fought so desperately."Hearing this, Li Fan was lost in thought.

Menyeret mayat pria gemuk itu ke dalam Perahu Tai Yan dan membersihkan noda darah di tanah, Li Fan kemudian dengan santai kembali ke kamarnya, bersikap seolah tidak terjadi apa-apa.

Benar-benar bodoh, komentar Li Fan.

Pria gendut itu jelas belum memahami situasinya. Mengandalkan sedikit kepintaran, dia mengira dia bisa mengancam Li Fan, mungkin mencoba mendapatkan keuntungan darinya.

Namun pernahkah dia mempertanyakan apakah Li Fan benar-benar menyusup ke Liuli Island? Kelompok orang buangan ini, bukankah sama saja, memperoleh statusnya dengan menyamar sebagai korban bencana?

Begitu mereka memperoleh registrasi rumah tangga Liuli Island, mereka benar-benar menganggap diri mereka sebagai penduduk asli.

Li Fan melihat ini dengan jelas. Sebelumnya, makhluk abadi yang menyembunyikan wajahnya dan datang untuk mengambilnya, serta Heavenly Treasure Pavilion tempat Sun Zhang berada, sangat berhati-hati dalam tindakannya, takut ketahuan.

Jelas sekali, identitas mereka sebagai manusia dari Land of Immortal Extinction bukanlah sesuatu yang mereka ingin orang lain ketahui.

Karena itu, pria gendut ini, yang tidak memahami situasinya, datang mengancam Li Fan, dan Li Fan membunuhnya tanpa ragu-ragu.

Dia tidak percaya bahwa Heavenly Treasure Pavilion dan kelompok orang buangan akan membuat keributan besar tentang hal ini.

Lebih jauh lagi, meskipun mereka menyelidiki bahwa pria gendut itu telah mengunjungi Li Fan sebelum menghilang, sekarang mereka tidak dapat menemukan mayatnya, selama Li Fan bersikeras bahwa dia tidak melihatnya, mereka tidak dapat melakukan apa pun padanya.

Lagi pula, jika masalah ini berlarut-larut, maka tidak akan menguntungkan salah satu pihak.

Dan jika Li Fan ragu-ragu dan tidak mengambil tindakan, membiarkan pria gendut itu tetap hidup, hal itu mungkin akan menimbulkan berbagai masalah.

Jadi, Li Fan dengan tegas memilih untuk menghentikan potensi ancaman sejak awal.

...

Seperti prediksi Li Fan, beberapa hari telah berlalu, dan selain Su Changyu menanyakannya sekali, hilangnya pria gendut secara misterius tidak menarik perhatian orang lain.

Kejadian ini hanyalah sebuah episode kecil dalam kehidupan pulau Li Fan, dengan cepat terlintas di benaknya.

Selama hari-hari ini, Li Fan menanyakan tentang berbagai urusan di pulau itu sambil merencanakan bagaimana menggunakan harta karun di Perahu Tai Yan dengan cara yang wajar.

Secara bertahap, Li Fan memperoleh pemahaman umum tentang Liuli Island yang dia gunakan saat ini.

Wilayah laut ini disebut Cong Yun Sea.

Cong Yun Sea sangat luas dan tersebar dengan puluhan ribu pulau dengan berbagai ukuran.

Liuli Island terletak di bagian tengah-selatan Cong Yun Sea dan berukuran sedang.

Nama pulau ini diambil dari nama Liu Li Fish [1] yang lezat dan lembut yang melimpah di perairan sekitarnya.

The Liu Li Fish tidak hanya populer di kalangan masyarakat umum di pulau-pulau sekitarnya tetapi juga kadang-kadang digunakan oleh beberapa makhluk abadi untuk memurnikan ramuan karena Liu Li Pearl yang kadang-kadang terbentuk di tubuh ikan.

Oleh karena itu, pulau tersebut membutuhkan makhluk abadi untuk mengawasinya, dan sejumlah Mutiara Liu Li harus dikumpulkan setiap tahunnya.

Yang abadi pada umumnya tidak ikut campur dalam urusan duniawi, sehingga menyulitkan orang awam untuk melihatnya. Urusan sehari-hari Liuli Island biasanya dikelola oleh Liuli Mansion yang didirikan oleh penguasa pulau.

Penduduk pulau bisa mendapatkan pekerjaan dalam Liuli Mansion. Semakin tinggi risiko pekerjaan, semakin tinggi imbalannya.

Di antara pekerjaan ini, memancing Liu Li Fish adalah yang paling populer.

Selain relatif aman, manfaatnya juga besar.

Apalagi, ketika Liu Li Fish yang sudah dipanen diserahkan, hanya 70% saja yang perlu diserahkan, sedangkan 30% sisanya bisa dijual pribadi.

Jadi, pekerjaan memancing ini cukup menarik.

Namun, penangkapan ikan memerlukan kapal besar, dan sekolah Liu Li Fish sulit dipahami. Pemandu roh khusus dari pulau itu diperlukan untuk menemukan mereka.

Pemandu roh ini hanya dikeluarkan oleh Liuli Mansion selama ekspedisi memancing dan harus dikembalikan setelah kembali ke pulau.

Memancing secara pribadi tidak mungkin dilakukan. Jika tertangkap, hukumannya adalah eksekusi langsung.

Oleh karena itu, penangkapan ikan Liu Li Fish ini hanya diperbolehkan di bawah izin Liuli Mansion.

Mereka yang bisa memancing sangat dihormati oleh penduduk pulau itu.

Beberapa hari yang lalu, armada yang sedang memancing tidak hanya mendapat tangkapan besar Liu Li Fish tetapi juga menemukan kapal yang tenggelam.

Kapal ini konon melarikan diri bersama keluarganya untuk menghindari bencana, sehingga membawa lebih dari selusin kotak berisi emas, perak, dan permata!

Saat ini, armada telah menghasilkan banyak uang.

Mengenai barang-barang yang diselamatkan dari kapal yang tenggelam, peraturan di pulau itu sama dengan peraturan Liu Li Fish - mereka dapat menyimpan 30% untuk diri mereka sendiri!

Jadi, saat armada kembali ke pelabuhan, separuh pulau sudah ramai.

Bahkan bendahara dan pengelola keuangan pulau itu secara pribadi datang untuk memeriksanya.

Melihat anggota armada hampir menyeringai lebar, banyak orang di pulau itu yang iri.

Mereka mulai mencari koneksi secara pribadi, ingin mendapatkan kualifikasi untuk perjalanan memancing berikutnya.

...

Dalam pandangan Li Fan, dia dapat secara perlahan mencuci harta karun yang tak terhitung jumlahnya di Perahu Tai Yan menggunakan metode serupa, dengan risiko yang relatif rendah.

Satu-satunya kesulitan terletak pada bagaimana mendapatkan kualifikasi untuk perjalanan memancing sendirian.

Keberadaan Perahu Tai Yan tidak boleh diungkap.

Terlalu banyak orang di pulau itu yang ingin bergabung dengan armada penangkapan ikan. Setelah bertanya dengan santai, Li Fan mengetahui informasi kuncinya.

Di antara tiga bawahan terpercaya penguasa pulau, Zhao, yang bertanggung jawab atas urusan personalia, Qian, yang bertanggung jawab atas masalah keuangan, dan Zhou, yang bertanggung jawab atas keamanan publik, sebagian besar kuota armada penangkapan ikan ada di tangan Qian.

Zhao dan Zhou selalu ingin campur tangan, tetapi kuota dikontrol ketat oleh Qian, dan mereka hanya mengendalikan satu atau dua armada penangkapan ikan.

Di mana ada orang, di situ ada konflik.

Li Fan teringat reaksi Zhao saat melihatnya di hari pendaftaran. Dia pikir mungkin dia bisa bertemu dengan Zhao ini.

Namun, Zhao bukanlah seseorang yang bisa dengan mudah ditemui Li Fan sekarang.

Li Fan memutuskan untuk mengikuti pendekatan Sun Zhang dengan Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

Setelah menanyakan lokasinya, Li Fan sampai di depan pintu Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, ingin bertemu dengan Sun Zhang.

Namun, dia ditolak.

"Pergilah, Senior Sun kita mempunyai status terhormat. Apa menurutmu kamu bisa menemuinya kapan pun kamu mau? Cepat pergi!" Beberapa pria bertubuh besar dan mengintimidasi di depan pintu memandang Li Fan dengan kejam, seolah-olah mereka siap beraksi.

Melihat ini, Li Fan tidak punya pilihan selain pergi sekarang.

Dia menganggapnya agak aneh. The Heavenly Treasure Pavilion adalah tempat bisnis. Bagaimana mereka bisa mengusir orang tanpa melihatnya?

Apalagi orang-orang besar ini mengambil keputusan tanpa meminta persetujuan, seolah-olah mereka sudah mengetahui siapa Li Fan.

“Pasti mereka mendapat perintah dan sengaja menghindari saya,” pungkas Li Fan. Dia menduga telah terjadi sesuatu di pihak pengasingan yang membuat Sun Zhang menjadi bermusuhan dan tidak mengenali mereka.

Setelah beberapa pertanyaan, Li Fan akhirnya mengetahui apa yang terjadi.

Ternyata Su Changyu, agar bisa segera menghilangkan racun di tubuhnya, memilih menjadi subjek percobaan para keabadian.

Sebelum berangkat, Su Changyu menandatangani namanya di kontrak akhir.

Sekarang, ketiga kontrak telah selesai, dan kontrak terakhir telah hilang sama sekali.

Tidak ada lagi hubungan antara kelompok pengasingan dan Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

“Pantas saja mereka tiba-tiba berubah menjadi bermusuhan dan sengaja menghindari kita. Aku hanya tidak menyangka Su Changyu begitu bertekad,” desah Li Fan.

"Ah, kami mencoba menasihatinya, menyuruhnya untuk tidak terburu-buru. Tapi dia tidak mau mendengarkan!" orang yang berbicara juga akrab dengan Li Fan - itu adalah Xiao Heng, yang mengaku sebagai anak dari Southern King di gua Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

Xiao Heng tampaknya memiliki hubungan yang sangat baik dengan Su Changyu dan sangat sedih saat ini. “Jika bukan karena adik perempuannya yang sakit parah, Brother Su tidak akan bertarung mati-matian.”

Mendengar ini, Li Fan melamun.