Chapter 435

Zhang Qianmo burst into laughter again, finding his junior disciple increasingly likeable.

Of course, Li Fan admired his senior brother, but he still had to go through the motions.

He used the same method as in his previous life.

He went to Mr. Bai's basement and crafted Absolute Immortal Stone nails.

Then, he lured his senior brother there.

Taking him by surprise, he sealed his meridians with the stone nails, pretending to interrogate him about the Purple Elixir Nirvana Technique.

Zhang Qianmo stared at Li Fan with an incredulous look, as if he wanted to remember him forever.

Then, he committed suicide.

After dealing with his senior brother, Song He and Song He's followers in Ningyuan City could no longer cause any trouble.

With the experience from his previous life, Li Fan efficiently resolved the event of the Ningyuan City's destruction during the fight between cultivators.

The surrounding scenery instantly blurred.

Li Fan once again saw Mr. Bai standing dazedly in the bloody ruins.

Unfortunately, no matter how hard Li Fan tried, he could not see his face clearly.

Finally, the screen went black.

Li Fan exited the Fallen Immortal Realm and returned to the real world.

Sensing his gains, Li Fan couldn't help but feel a little regret.

"The clearance reward for [Fetching Longevity Fruits from Ningyuan City], three Rebirth Longevity Fruits that can extend life by three hundred years, still exists."

"It's just that after defeating Senior Brother Zhang, I didn't get any new techniques."

However, Li Fan soon felt relieved.

"Senior Brother Zhang is still alive in the world, and I don't need his techniques."

"If I really bring him here, it would be even more troublesome."

Li Fan analyzed this trip to the Fallen Immortal Realm.

"So far, it seems that the Fallen Immortal Realm can't detect my past life experiences after I reincarnated."

"But one thing is certain, I am very special in the Fallen Immortal Realm."

"It's like some kind of guidance, making me go through fixed events."

"First, it was [Fetching Longevity Fruits from Ningyuan City], next, it'll be [Change in the Imperial Beast Sect] right?"

"Interesting..."

Li Fan didn't know what caused this special situation.

But since the Fallen Immortal Realm couldn't sense the effect of 'Truth,' he had nothing to fear.

On the contrary, these fixed events in the Fallen Immortal Realm became a way for him to obtain fixed treasures in each life.

Just like the Dao Transformation Stone in Yi Xing's tomb.

As he explored deeper into the Fallen Immortal Realm, he would likely obtain more resources quickly in each life.

This was beneficial to Li Fan.

After obtaining three Rebirth Longevity Fruits in the Fallen Immortal Realm, the time restriction for entering it again had slightly increased.

However, it wasn't as long as the full year in his previous life, he could enter again in about eight months.

"The Imperial Beast Sect..."

Li Fan began to look forward to what he could gain from the scene of [Change in the Imperial Beast Sect].

Judging from the level of the Rebirth Longevity Fruits, it shouldn't be bad.

He calculated the time, not long before his appointment with the Five Elders Association about the Broken Stone Face.

Li Fan erased the traces in the secret room, transformed into Zhou Qing'ang's appearance, and flew towards the agreed location.

It was another uninhabited island. Li Fan searched for a while and found a stone with coordinates carved on it.

"It seems that the Five Elders Association has other secret agents in the Congyun Sea besides Zhou Qingang."

"This stone, the communication stone, and Zhou Qingang's expenses require someone to arrange."

"But it's not wise to act rashly. Let's get the five million contribution points first."

Li Fan crushed the stone and turned towards the location marked on it.

It was another underwater ruin.

Li Fan placed his palms on the inconspicuous Broken Stone and successfully connected to the communication.

"Head, what's the word?" Li Fan asked, feigning nervousness.

"They have agreed to the deal."

"But we need to confirm the questions are correct first."

"Okay! I'll go back and tell He Zhenghao."

"By the way, Head, I've done such a great job, is there any reward?"

Li Fan rubbed his hands together, looking expectantly at the Stone Face.

Li Fan's reaction seemed to be within the Stone Face's expectations.

He sneered, "Don't worry, you won't be shortchanged. Haven't you been coveting the One Heart Venerable's picture book for a long time? As long as this mission goes smoothly, I'll have someone send it to you."

"The One Heart Sovereign's picture book?" Li Fan instantly recalled the scenes of eroticism he had felt in the soul fragments of the Five Elders Association cultivators in the Gathering Soul Pearl.

He cursed inwardly, Li Fan stammered, hesitant to speak.

"What?" The Stone Face was slightly surprised.

"Head, this... I've seen it. Can I have something else?" Li Fan lowered his head slightly, his voice low, his face slightly embarrassed.

"Huh?!" The Stone Face was stunned, then he understood.

"No wonder your expenses are so high! You've been spending it all on this?" He was furious.

Li Fan could only remain silent.

After a while, the Stone Face's anger subsided.

After thinking for a moment, he said, "Forget it, considering your contribution this time, I won't hold it against you."

"How about the Carefree Crystal Lattice of the Carefree Paradise? It's like floating in the clouds, ascending to the Paradise of Bliss. Haven't you been nagging me about it for a long time?"

Li Fan felt a wave of helplessness in his heart.

After thinking for a moment, he could only find an excuse and said tactfully, "Head, here's what I think."

"Didn't you tell me to get close to He Zhenghao? But since he switched to the Nascent Soul technique, his cultivation has been rising rapidly, one level a day."

"It won't be long before he breaks through to the Golden Core stage."

"And I've been stuck at the Foundation Establishment stage for a long time. If I can't break through soon, with my Foundation Establishment cultivation, it will be difficult to befriend him."

"After all, this person..."

Li Fan clicked his tongue, shaking his head repeatedly.

"Huh? You've finally learned your lesson?" The Stone Face looked at Li Fan in surprise.

But after thinking for a moment, he felt that what he said made sense.

He nodded immediately, "Not bad, He Zhenghao is very important. He is one of the key people you need to win over."

"Also, you can try to get the structure of the Heavenly Yuan Transformation Formation from him."

After a pause, the Stone Face continued, "Well, the task is arduous. It seems that we have to improve your cultivation to the Golden Core stage as soon as possible."

"You can exchange for a technique yourself in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, we can't provide help in this regard."

"But I can give you a few bottles of Enlightenment Pills."

Li Fan was overjoyed.

He had experienced the miraculous effects of the Enlightenment Pills.

But it was difficult to obtain them, even if he paid a lot of money, he couldn't buy many.

If he could get some from the Stone Face, it would be the best.

"Just a little bit, it's not enough!"

However, Li Fan still pretended to be greedy.

"Head, you know my aptitude, no matter how miraculous the Enlightenment Pills are, they won't be of much use to me!"

The Stone Face said impatiently, "Don't bother me, I'm thinking!"

(End of Chapter)
