Chapter 324: Fresh Crops

Although Li Fan was worrying about the future of the various cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the other students did not have his level of insight.

In the blink of an eye, they were all excited, and eager to try.

"Master Ji, please tell us, how is the 'most contribution' defined?"

"Yes, Senior Ji, there must be specific rules for quantifying this, right? How much contribution can be considered an evaluation standard?"

...

Seeing the enthusiasm of the students, Ji Hongdao couldn't help but show a pleased smile.

With a light cough, he began to explain to everyone.

"The core of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation is, in essence, a newborn mirror of the Tianxuan Mirror, and you have all seen it with your own eyes."

"And the construction of the entire Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation starts from the central core area. In other words, from the beginning of the formation's creation, the entire process of construction can be perceived by the formation core and the Tianxuan Mirror."

"The person responsible for setting up each formation unit is surveilled by the Tianxuan Mirror."

"And the final result depends entirely on the data ranking published by the Tianxuan Mirror, eliminating any possibility of cheating. It is absolutely fair and just."

Ji Hongdao spoke eloquently, explaining in detail.

"I know that everyone recommended to study at the Huan Yu Courtyard has their own outstanding qualities. You are all young talents, and who among you would be willing to always be inferior to others?"

"In order for everyone to have a clear understanding of their position and to further motivate you all, in this 'Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation Competition', everyone's contribution to the construction of the formation will be displayed in the form of real-time points."

"And, according to the points, there will be rankings announced by the Tianxuan Mirror, which everyone can check at any time!"

Li Fan, hearing this familiar method, couldn't help but feel shocked in his heart: "They really want these young Formation Masters to push themselves to the limit."

Next, Ji Hongdao also announced the preliminary construction plan for the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation.

It was decided that each cultivator would return to their hometown and, with the assistance of the local Formation Hall and Martial Hall, begin constructing the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation.

And if their progress was faster, after all the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formations in their province were built, they could freely move to neighboring provinces to assist in construction.

Because the Tianxuan Mirror saw everything, there was no need to worry about having their credit stolen while assisting a different location.

At the moment when all the territories of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had completed the construction of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation, the Formation Master with the highest score would be the final winner.

As Ji Hongdao narrated the details of the competition plan, a subtle sense of self-satisfaction flashed in his eyes.

At this moment, however, he suddenly heard someone calling out.

"Senior Ji, I want to ask, now that I am homeless, what should I do? Where should I go?"

Following the voice, Ji Hongdao looked over and saw that it was Li Fan speaking.

His expression darkened, and he reprimanded, "You little fellow, are you mocking me? What homelessness? Naturally, you go back where you came from..."

In an instant, Ji Hongdao seemed to remember something, and his words abruptly stopped.

After sizing up Li Fan again, he rubbed his chin.

"This is a problem..."

He didn't answer directly, but after a while, he transmitted his voice to Li Fan: "Stay behind later, and I will discuss it carefully with you."

Li Fan also had the sense to stop speaking.

This little episode fell into the eyes of the cultivators present.

Some didn't care, while others suddenly realized and showed shocked expressions.

And some seemed to have known long ago that cultivators would forget the tragedy, appearing calm.

Ji Hongdao, who continued to explain the process of the competition, brought everyone's attention back.

A year later, the newborn mirrors of the Tianxuan Mirror would be transported to various provinces.

Before that, all the students had to return to their respective provinces first and assist their local branches in collecting the materials needed for formation construction.

Of course, some special formation materials would also be managed and distributed by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters.

...

After hearing the general construction plan, the students returned to their respective courtyards and contacted their relatives and teachers.

Li Fan, however, stayed where he was.

Besides Li Fan, there was another cultivator who didn't leave.

This person was called Xue Mu, who was at the Foundation Establishment stage and was also one of the three members who participated in the training from the Cong Yun Sea.

However, he was not one of Zhang Zhiliang's disciples. Li Fan had only met him a few times and wasn't very familiar with him.

As for the third person, he had failed to pass the Soul Contract test earlier and was eliminated.

He should have returned to Cong Yun Sea and then perished in the catastrophe of Ink Death's massacre.

Xue Mu seemed to be experiencing the existence of the Heavenly Sovereign for the first time, and the confusion and fear in his eyes had not yet dissipated.

Ji Hongdao looked at the two of them with a kind face and asked, "Cong Yun Sea has suffered a disaster, and you are homeless. What are your plans for the future?"

Xue Mu pursed his lips, lowered his head, and remained silent.

But Li Fan calmly clasped his hands and respectfully said, "I will be at the command of Senior."

Ji Hongdao seemed somewhat satisfied with Li Fan's response. After thinking for a moment, he said, "Now that the rules of the competition have been set, there is one province for each person. If you are arbitrarily assigned to a province and steal the contribution for constructing the formation, it will definitely cause dissatisfaction among others and be detrimental to you."

"But if you are not allowed to participate in this competition, you will definitely not be satisfied either."

"Hmm..."

He paused, his gaze fleeting for a moment, as if communicating with someone.

After a moment, Ji Hongdao said, "I wonder if you would be willing to do this."

"In addition to the various provinces, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance also has many important subworlds that need to be covered by the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation."

"Originally, these places were to be handled by us old folks."

"But due to special circumstances, if you are willing to be transferred to one of these places, it's fine too."

"It can also help us alleviate some pressure."

Ji Hongdao smiled and continued, "Nowadays, I'm not as energetic as you young people."

"As for the points for constructing the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation, you don't need to worry. The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance has many subworlds under its jurisdiction, and the scale of some of these subworlds is not smaller than that of a province."

"You can transfer with confidence."

"How about it?"

After finishing his speech, Ji Hongdao looked at Li Fan and asked gently.

The moment Li Fan heard Ji Hongdao's words, the thought flashed through his mind, "Subworld? I wonder if there is a chance to come into contact with the Five Element Subworlds."

But he didn't dare to speculate further. He just waited for Ji Hongdao's question to finish before replying solemnly, "I will obey your command."

Ji Hongdao nodded in satisfaction and then looked at Xue Mu. "What about you?"
